
Scenario One:

	As a student, Nathan is looking for different ways to study. He takes notes in class
and reviews his notes a couple of times a week but he doesn't have a good bearing on how well
he knows the material so he decides to use  his Quiz program to create study material. Nathan 
opens the Quiz program and clicks on 'Create Questions'. If he is a bit unsure on how to make 
a question to study, he can click the 'Help' button which will show a couple of examples on 
how to turn notes into questions. Once he feels comfortable with how to form a question, he
can proceed with making a question. The program allows hime to enter a question and then add
possible answers to that questions, ensuring one of them is marked as the correct answer. The
program also allows him to make 'fill in the blank' and 'true/false' questiosn in the same 
fashion. After making his question, Nathan can give it a category like 'History' or 'Biology'
to tag it with as well as 2 additional categories like 'Chapter 4' or 'Mid Term Questions'.
He can then store that question to review at his convenience.
	The program doesn't have questions built in, so Nathan does have to make sure that he
has the correct notes or materials to make questions with correct answers. Once this is done,
he can select to take a quiz. The quiz can be taken in different ways to simulate a real test
environment or just for review purposes. During the quiz, a score is shown to Nathan to let him 
know how well he is doing and when the quiz is over he can see which questions he missed during
that session. Other information is available, too, such as previous scores in the same category
and overall scores. He can then use this information to concentrate on the areas that he is
having the most problems with.


Scenario Two:

	Mr. Ross would like to give his students some material to review for the upcoming exam.
Normally, he would hand out paper copies of notes and topics to his students but he thinks that
this is not helping some of his students. He decides to use the Quiz program to make a deck of 
questions for the students to review so that they are reviewing the material he wants them to
review and they can gauge how prepared they are for the exam. Mr. Ross opens the Quiz program
and chooses to create a deck of questions and labels it 'February Exam'. Once he creates his 
deck, he can then populate that deck with various types of questions and/or flashcards. This 
allow Mr. Ross to formulate questions in his own way so that the proper material is given to his
students to review. When he completes his deck, he can save it and email it to his students to
add to their quiz program.
	Mr. Ross does have to ensure that his students have availability to a Windows 10 machine
and also an internet connection. When the students download the deck from their teacher, they 
can open the Quiz program and select 'Import Deck' and then find the deck on their machine - most
likely in their Download Files - and import that deck into their local version of the program.
The option will have to exist where decks with the same name might have to be renamed to prevent
one deck from overwriting the other. After the deck has been added, the student will have the 
option of using that deck in future quizzes.


Scenario Three:
	A few students have got together to form a study group. There's a lot of material to 
cover and everyone having multiple copies of notes and flashcards seems a bit redundant. To help
streamline their studying, they have decided to task each student with a chapter to cover and
use the Quiz program to create questions for their upcoming test. When each student has finished
their chapter, they can export their deck to a USB drive and hand it off to a student, or email
it to their group.
	Each of these students does need to have access to a Windows 10 machine with the program 
on it or some kind of removable storage device as well as ensuring each student makes adequate 
questions for their section. The students can then run their program, import the decks, and 
create quizzes from all the decks from all the other students. The Quiz program can keep track of
the percentage of correct responses from each deck as well as the individual questions in the 
decks to provide a student with feedback on which section of a large subject matter is proving
most difficult. 




























